Add a note about cythonize in the quickstart documentation (#4879)
cython/cython: docs/src/quickstart/build.rst

There are several ways to build Cython code:

 - Write a setuptools ``setup.py``. This is the normal and recommended way.
 - Run the ``cythonize`` command-line utility. This is a good approach for
   compiling a single Cython source file directly to an extension.

>    A source file can be built "in place" (so that the extension module is generated next to the source file) with
>   ``cythonize -i filename.pyx``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A source file can be built "in place" (so that the extension module is created
   next to the source file, ready to be imported) with ``cythonize -i filename.pyx``.
```

There are several ways to build Cython code:

 - Write a setuptools ``setup.py``. This is the normal and recommended way.

>  - Run the ``cythonize`` command-line utility. This is a good approach for

Reviewer 2: `cythonize` by default creates just C file. Can we mention here that the user should run `cythonize` with `-b` option?

Reviewer 2: Yes `-i` also enables `-b` automatically:

```
  -b, --build           build extension modules using distutils
  -i, --inplace         build extension modules in place using distutils (implies -b)
```

Author: I've recommended `-i` just because it's what I usually do. I think the main thing to do here is just give a usable command to get them going. People can look up all the available options in elsewhere if they want.

Thanks for the suggestion!

Reviewer 2: +1 to `-i`.

>    compiling a single Cython source file directly to an extension.

Author: ```suggestion
   compiling a single Cython source file directly to an extension.
   A source file can be built "in place" (so that the extension module is generated next to the source file) with
  ``cythonize -i filename.pyx``.
```
